README

Moodie - Dynamic movie recommendations based on the users local weather and time.

Q.  What is Moodie?

A.  Moodie is a web application that can dynamically recommend movies to watch based on the current time of day and weather at the users location.
    The movie recommendations are tailored to suit the mood that the weather and time create. For example: The app may suggest horror movies during
    rain, or a comedy when the weather is clear
    
Q.  What has currently been added?

A.  The app currently allows users to login with their Google account or as guests. Once logged in to the site the user will be presented with a movie
    recommendation based on the weather at the location, if they allowed their location to be used. If they did not, the weather in Stockholm City are used   
    as default. New movie recommendations may be generated by pressing the button on the main page. We also provide an about us page with a short description
    of what Moodie is.
    
Q.  How to set up the app?

A.  Clone the git repository and set up with NPM, then run a server locally. We also have a working site deployed at: moodie-1.web.app
    The configuration files necessary for running the app are not provided in the git due to several of them containing API keys, and the others have
    been caught by the git-ignore rules as a consequence. If you are a teacher or teacher assistant at KTH, please contact any of the group members and
    we will provide you with the necessary configuration files. We will also try to include them in the final canvas assignment if possible.
    No further setup should be needed to get the app running.
    
Q.  How does the movie generation algorithm work?

A.  It is quite simple. We fetch local weather data from the OpenWeather API and take a look at the weather ID that is received. Based on this weather ID,
    a movie genre is selected from a list of genre IDs. We then use the discover function provided by The Movie Data Base, TMDB, to find movies based on
    the chosen genre. From the results received we pick a movie randomly and display it to the user.
    
The algorithm is quite simple and may possibly be revised with more fine grain criteria in the future, but for now we believe it to be a fun little concept
that allows users to explore a world of movies they might never have heard of before, that hopefully, fit the mood.
    
***********************************************************************************************
FILE STRUCTURE:

## src:
  App.css - Site styling
  
  App.js - App root
  
  firebaseModel - Used for firebase test purposes
  
  index.css - Default css generated during project creation, not used.
  
  index.js - Root element of the entire project, call to create model.
  
  logo.svg - Default react logo, will be removed
  
  mainModel.js - Model used to keep track of some data needed for the site to function. The site uses the MVP design pattern, where this model is the M.
  
  movieModel.js - Old model, replaced by mainModel. Deprecated.
  
  movieSource.js - Contains some functions used to fetch data about movies.
  
  reportWebVitals.js - React default
  
  resolvePromise.js - Used to resolve promises. Also accepts notify functions which may be used to re-render the app, etc.
  
  setupTests.js - React default
  
  weatherModel.js - Old and replaced by mainModel. Deprecated.
  
  weatherSource.js - Contains some functions used to fetch data about time and weather.
  
  ## reactjs
  
  moviePresenter.js - Presenter that keeps track of state information pertaining to movies, functions to re-render the app, etc. Communication between model
                      and view according to the MVP design pattern.
  
  weatherPresenter.js - Presenter that keeps track of state information pertaining to time and weather. -''-
  
  navbarPresenter.js, aboutusPresenter, loginPresenter, registerPresenter, forgotPasswordPresenter and so on follow the above pattern.

  ## views
  
  movieView.js - View which displays movie related content. Adheers to the MVP design pattern.
  
  weatherVies.js - View which displays weather related content. -''-
  
  promiseNoData.js - Used when there is nothing else to display, i.e. no data.
  
  navbarView.js, aboutusView, loginView, registerView, forgotPasswordView and so on follow the above pattern.
  
